1.28.1 Release Notes (#3979)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

- **Stable versions**: {{CLI_VER_LATEST}}, {{CLI_VER_2}}, and {{CLI_VER_3}}. See [Astro CLI release and lifecycle policy](cli/release-lifecycle-policy.md) for more information about support for CLI versions.

## Astro CLI 1.28.1

Release date: July 25, 2024

## Bug fixes

> - Fixed a bug where Git ignored all hidden paths, causing Astro to not respect the `.airflowignore` file.

Reviewer: It was the CLI ignoring the files when bundling the DAGs.

> - Fixed a bug where Git ignored all hidden paths, causing Astro to not respect the `.airflowignore` file.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the CLI ignored files when bundling DAGs for code deploys.
```
